in this video I'm going to show you
exactly why your lead magnet ads
probably aren't working and then what it
takes to make them work because lead
magnet ads are actually the best type of
AD funnel but only if you have
everything that I'm about to show you
already in place here I have a mural
board for you that is showing you what
an lead magnet situation really looks
like so we're going to go through
absolutely every single part and why
this is what you need for your business
so to make lead magnet ads work there
are four main things that we need to
think of we need to think of the ad
creative we need to think of the landing
page we need to think of the email flow
and we need to think of the rest of the
funnel so here's an example of an an ad
here's an example of a landing page an
email flow and you know here's another
part of the funnel which is a community
so the thing we need to understand is is
that if we want our lead magnet ads to
work we need to have all of it every
single part of the funnel because this
is realistically what it's going to look
like they're going to see your paid ad
they're going to click on them they're
going to submit the form and get your
lead magnet they're going to be added to
your email flows and the thank you page
on the thank you page they're going to
find out about your offer and then your
email flows are going to be nurtured
because you now have their email address
they're going to be on your newsletter
and you might promote your community
page on there and then your appointment
CER will reach out and then they'll see
more of your content and then they're
going to basically book themselves in
they're going to help them their selves
determine if they're qualified or not
and that is how it works in reality
where a lot of people will say that lead
magnet ads don't work and this is really
a symptom of not having a clue what
they're talking about or understanding
how marketing works because this is
really what's Happening Here
pay ad to the landing page submit the
form redirect it to the thank you page
where they become aware of your offer
like I said start receiving email
nurturing links with Ken Le the
algorithm and email flows are going to
be more likely to recommend your content
they're going to see start seeing your
retargeting ads they are going to Google
you so let's Google a th000 x leads
they're going to see what comes up and
maybe getting get some more of your
content they are going to sign up for
your webinar and Community they're going
to be conted by your appointment CER
they're going to receive your newsletter
multiple times per week and they're
going to start watching your YouTube
videos so if you Google the THX leads
you might just oh I have YouTube videos
let's see and then start watching them
so all of these things work together to
make them book a call eventually it's
not like you know this happens in the
same way e-commerce ad does where they
just click and they buy or they don't
and believe it or
not when a client goes through this
process they came from your newsletter
ads or from your lead magnet ads and
that is really what it comes down to if
you weren't running Those ads originally
they would never have found out about
you in the first place just because a
complete stranger didn't download a free
document off an ad and instantly decide
to book a call to give you 5K or more
for your service doesn't mean that lead
magnet ads don't work they do not work
when you don't have a complete funnel
and most people who try this maybe they
watch my videos or maybe they you know
are in a THX leads and they say that
it's not working for them when their
funnel looks something like
this how is a lead magnet ad supposed to
work when it looks like this there's
nowhere for them to go it's just broken
and that's it it's not going to work if
your marketing funnel looks anything
like this which is what it does for 99%
of agencies out there
there are four variables with lead
magnet ads and improving any of them
will improve the performance so we can
improve the ad creative the landing page
the email flows or the rest of the
funnel so if we were able to improve
this here or this or this or this it
would improve the entire performance of
the leading magnets so if we want to
improve our ads realistically what that
means for us is improving our
clickthrough rate and we need to get a
higher click through rate because that
just means our greater percentage of
people who see our ad are clicking
through and that will lower our cost per
click so I have determined three ways
for this video that you can do that you
can have a better scroll stopper so what
that means is if they're scrolling
through their feed you know they're
probably in zombie mode a little bit you
need to have some sort of thumbnail or
some sort of interesting image that
captures their attention and makes them
stop scrolling hence the scroll stopper
then you have to have a better hook in
the ad that reels them in once they stop
scrolling and then you have to have a
better benefit or call to action which
will get them to click these three
things are going to be the 8020 maybe
even more that have to do with your ad
performance in terms of lead magnet
ads so this is actually a video but you
can't see it on mboard but pretend it's
a video so here is a scroll stopper it's
just someone you know in their
background it might be their friend it
might be someone a celebrity it's
someone it's a person very important in
my opinion for this scroll stoer to have
a person in it for this type of the ad
at least the hook struggling to grow
your agency if they have an agency
that's an instant call out if they're
struggling and say yes then they're
going to go to the bottom so this free
system will help you build a $1 million
per year take should say home profit
agency so these are the three things we
could either get the better background
footage in this case which is the SK the
scroll stopper we could get a better
hook up here or we could get a better
benefit down here if you're getting
these static image ads we basically have
to have a stronger hook and benefit up
here or hook up here plus you know these
are the kind of the
benefits and that's basically how we'd
have to do it your basically your cost
per click if we go to one of my ad
accounts here where I run lead magnet
ads like here is one so struggling at
copy know this is getting a 5.38%
outbound click-through rate with a 25
cent cost per click and 47 Cent cost per
result with a 53% opted rate it's not
doing much spend right now so take that
with a
disclaimer but that is what I've done
through that where you know basically
I've tested all of the different hooks
that I could think of tested the
different benefits tested tons of
different background footage until I was
able to receive or to achieve a result
of this fashion so like that is what it
takes to do it it's not going to
magically get to a great cost per lead
on its own or a high click-through rate
you have to test I've tested
probably 5,000 different ads for mine
combinations of these three
things the next part is the landing page
so when we say we need to improve our
landing page we basically mean we need
to improve our optin rate so we need to
have of the people who click on our
adding our landing page more of them
fill out the form is what we talking
about here and there's three main ways
to do that so there's a headline there's
the benefits and then there's site speed
when we're talking about lead magnet ads
site speed's kind of important because
if they're downloading it for free and
it takes three or five or 10 seconds to
load that's a situation where they just
click on it probably not that interested
in it they just clicked on it because it
was a resource that may or may not be
good so this kind of matters it always
matters but it matters even more so you
go to something like page speed
insites and let's just go I don't know
we'll just put CNN.com or something
everyone knows what CNN is
unfortunately so what we want to do here
is always be on mobile because your
desktop ones are going to be a lot
better so CNN really has very good
metrics what we want to do is have our
first content paint under 2 seconds and
that's just a very good metric to go off
of this
stuff you could argue whether or not how
much these metrics matter in the real
world it's kind of the theory versus
real world or like a practice
environment versus real world but it's
always good practice to have your first
content will paint under two seconds so
CNN's doing a good
job and then it's just you know do you
want a better headline do you want
better benefits a lot of the time a
great headline for a lead magnet is free
whatever the lead magnet is I can't
remember who said it but there was an
old quote about Sometimes the best copy
to sell a horse is horse for sale and
it's kind of the same thing here the
next is the email flows so the two ways
you can have a better EMA flow is you
handle the objections better or you have
a higher click-through rate to your book
a call so an email
flow should be like you brainstorming
the 30 biggest objectives that you know
or questions they might have and then
sending an email every single day until
they're basically all addressed or all
overcome so you could either do a better
job with that or you could have a better
call to action to get
your
um basically your click-through rate
higher or a combination of all of those
so that's what you'll be doing
here so to do that basically what you
want to do is have a better subject line
because that's going to be more people
opening it you want to have a better
first line of the email because that's
going to get people bought in and hooked
and then better call to action so you
kind of can't see it the call to action
in the screenshot but it' be like at the
very bottom here so that would be the
three things that represent the 8020 to
actually making this work better for
you as far as the rest of the funnel
goes it's more of like everything needs
to exist so the more things you have the
more you're going to sell so do you have
a free community do you have a three
times per week newsletter are you
posting YouTube three times per week are
you running retargeting ads on all
platforms and do you have an appointment
setter these are the things that convert
lead magnet ads not the ads
themselves like I said no one's going to
click on your ad for a free document and
then just sign up to pay you 5K first
time you ever heard of you it's not how
it works and if you are salty that it
doesn't work like that that's just an
very big you don't know what you're
talking about and don't understand
marketing think of lead magnet ads as a
way to get huge traffic in the same way
you would post content to get
traffic just paying for it instead
of taking the time to make videos or
tweets or all that kind of stuff and
it's a lot more scalable and it's a lot
more
steady to make this work and get a
really great lead magnet funnel you want
to have a 70 c or less per click you
want to have a 70% optin rate or higher
these things together are going to get
you basically a $1 cost per lead and
then you want to get a 30% conversion
rate from someone who fills out the form
to someone who joins your group or
watches your webinar or whatever and
then of those people who join the group
let's say you know 30% of people who
join download my lead magnets join the
group this has 3.4k members if that's
the case right then they basically we
want about
0.5% or more people
who join this group to eventually
convert into clients hopefully that math
makes sense so basically with this math
we have the 70 cents cost per click or
less the 70% optim rate that's $1 cost
per lead if I'm trying to get them in
this group and 30% of people who
download it join it that would be $333
cents per group activation and if 0.5%
which is one in every 200 people bought
that's a $666 CPA which is acceptable
for almost any agency or B2B business
lead magnet ad funnels are five bar the
F by far the best if you have all of
this stuff in place and if you don't
they're by far the worst if you have
this stuff you're going to hear things
like I just book calls and I don't even
know where they're coming from anymore
and they say it kind of bragging when in
reality they're all coming from your top
ofun of lead magnet ads it's just all
all volume driven through this process
and you just don't even know how to
attribute it anymore and there's nothing
wrong with that that's why you build the
whole system because it all works
together but to say that lead magnet ads
don't work is a lack of understanding
about lead magnet ads in general so I
thought I'd make this video to pointed
out thanks